Line up:
Flea - bass
Anthony Kiedis - lead vocals
John Frusciante - guitar
Chad Smith - drums

Setlist:
Intro Jam
Can't Stop
Dani California
Scar Tissue
Charlie
Otherside
Tell Me Baby
How Deep Is Your Love? (Bee Gees cover)
Throw Away Your Television
Snow ((Hey Oh))
Me & My Friends
Wet Sand
Right on Time (London Calling intro)
Don't Forget Me
Warlocks
Californication
By the Way

Encore:
Drum Solo
Under the Bridge
Give It Away (You're Gonna Get Yours intro)
Final Jam

The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1982, consisting of Anthony Kiedis (vocals), Flea (bass), John Frusciante (guitar), and Chad Smith (drums). Their music incorporates elements of alternative rock, funk, punk rock, hard rock, hip hop, and psychedelic rock, and have influenced genres including funk metal, rap metal, rap rock, and nu metal. With over 120 million records sold worldwide, the Red Hot Chili Peppers are one of the top-selling bands of all time. 

They hold the records for most number-one singles on the American Alternative Songs charts (15), most cumulative weeks at number one (91) and most top-ten songs (28) on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart. They have won three Grammy Awards, were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012, and in 2022 received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Welcome to the official Pinkpop Archive YouTube channel!
On our channel you will find live performances of international icons such as Bruce Springsteen, Ed Sheeran, The Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, P!NK, Metallica, Coldplay, The Cure, Pearl Jam, Rage Against The Machine, U2, The Police, Dire Straits, Fleetwood Mac, Robbie Williams and many more, who have performed at the legendary Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands.

Watch more videos 👉 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5TUbV6OXrGhXI4W0fK5wvw/videos
Subscribe now 👉 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5TUbV6OXrGhXI4W0fK5wvw?sub_confirmation=1

Website 👉 http://www.pinkpop.nl   
  
Thanks for all your support. Rating the video and leaving a comment is always appreciated! Please: respect each other in the comments.

This is the official YouTube channel of Pinkpop Archive