Chili Peppers Bring the Heat

A decade after last local concert, the funk-infused quartet is still rockin' it out hard on the stage

by Jeff Miers, Buffalo News music critic

It's been ten years, an eternity in pop music terms, since the Red Hot Chili Peppers performed before a Buffalo-area audience.

But time has been kind to this quartet's ground-breaking blend of L.A.-flavored punk-funk.  One was hard pressed to note any dimninishment of energy, enthusiasm, irreverance, or slavish devotion to the groove amongst the four men on stage at KeyBank Center on Friday, even after 30 years of gard funk, hard touring, and hard living.

These guys still look like hyperactive kids let loose in a sandbox, giddy with their good fortune.

The Peppers sold out their Friday night KeyBank Center show rather handily, which is to say quickly, and without breaking a sweat.  And the crowd?  They came several generations strong, ready to party, and eager to welcome Anthony Kiedis, Flea, Chad Smith and relatively new (since 2009) recruit Josh Klinghoffer back to the birthplace of seminal '60s funk hit "Funky Broadway."

The band, perhaps sensing our familiarity witrh all things funky 'round these parts, kicked off Friday's show with an unnamed jam that displayed the Peppers' ability to turn funky minimalism into arena bombast, without ever losing the essence of the groove.  That last point would be one the listener would be forced to dwell on throughout the evening, as the quartet ran through 30 years of sometimes psychedelic, sometime stoner rock-ish, sometimes genre-crossing pop-punk-alt-rock-ish, but always deeply ensconsced in the pocket crafted and cultivated by bassist Flea and drumm3er Smith.

Staying relevant is the trick when you are working a band over the long haul, and the Peppers have managed to do so mainly through their own bull-headed refusal to try too hard.  Countlesds trands have come and gone since this band first hit the big time with 1990s "BloodSugarSexMagik" album, but the band has managed to grow its fan-base beyond the 40-somethings who came of age alongside it.  Marrying hip-hop's influence to the punk and funk helped introduce the band to younger listeners, as did moving in a more song-oriented direction with each subsequent album since the immensely popular 1999 release "Californication".

So the fact that the band's most recent effort "the Getaway" is a hit during a time when very few artists of the Peppers' vintage are selling records is less surprising.

Plenty of new album "The Getaway" was forthcoming, and tunes from that record like "Go Robot" brought a 21st century sheen to the Peppers' grunge-funk, and sat crying mortally against crowd favorites like "Danny California" and "Scar Tissue".  Klinghoffer was truly ther satar of the show, his twisted acid-blues solos routinely elevating the proceedings and pushing his bandmates toward greater heights.

SAinger Kiedis was only mildly handicapped by the orthopaedic boot on hisd foot, the result of a recent tendon tear.  He still stalked the stage like a warrior, his spit-sing-rap chops in top form throughout.

The show was a touch too short.  That's the only complaint I have to offer.  But stunningly funky and invigorating sets from former Peppers drummer Jack Irons - he played drum kit along to his own backing tracks - and Trombone Shorty and his band made up for it.

Hey guys, let's not wait another 20 years to get together, OK?

