NOTE: SOUND QUALITY AS INCOMING
1. Aerials of Roskilde Festival site
2. Saybia performing 'Fools Corner'
3. SOT Soeren Huss, (Singer Saybia) "We are a band of five guys playing music basically, we have been playing together for nine years."
4. Saybia performing 'Day After Tomorrow'
5. SOT Soeren Huss, (Singer Saybia): "For the past year we have been touring a lot we released our debut album in February in Denmark and we have played fifty or sixty gigs since then and sold ninety thousand records.´"
6. Saybia playing 'Day After Tomorrow'
7. Cutaway of audience
8. SOT Saybia: "Last year we played outside the area in a small camping stage. It was a cool concert, great people. It was the upcoming stage. Our dream has always been to play the green stage and we are doing that this year."
9. Saybia playing 'In My Mind'
10. SOT Soeren Huss, (Singer Saybia): "We write songs, that is what we do. We don't cover ourselves up in smart clothing or dress up like a boy band. We are five guys playing music and that is honesty, and that is what we do."
11. WS of camp site in the rain
12. CU rain water
13. Camper clearing away mud
14. Girl with umbrella
15. WS of soaked tents
16. WS camper walking in water
17. WS cain water
18. MS man with duck hat
19. VS wet tents
20. CU Mud
21. Savage Rose performing 'What Do You Do Now'
22. SOT Annisette Koppel (sitting with Thomas Koppel): "This is an event for people but it is an event for us too. It gives us a lot to see all these people standing down there with their faces smiling to us. It is a lot of power, it gives you that kick that is necessary to go on."
23. Savage Rose performing 'Howling'
24. CU of keyboard
25. CU of keys
26. WS of the Democratic Piano
27. Girl playing chairs
28. Hands playing the chairs
29. Zoom into piano
30. Wide of main stage with The Red Hot Chilli Peppers
31. Red Hot Chili Peppers performing 'By the Way'
32. Red Hot Chili Peppers performing 'Around the World'
33. Red Hot Chili Peppers performing 'Scar Tissue'
34. Various night shots of the festival
35. CU of a candle

STORYLINE:

DANISH ROCK AT ROSKILDE

As Glastonbury continues in England, the second day of the Roskilde Festival saw festival-goers ankle deep in mud, as rain washed over the campsite. However, the torrential downpours failed to dampen the spirits of over ninety thousand music fans who have descended on this small Danish town from all parts of the world.

After the 'international' feel of the first day of the festival, which saw performances from the Scottish Beta Band and American Black Rebel Motorcycle Club amongst others, the second day of the rock festival saw a variety of more local acts stepping into the spotlight. The highlight of Friday for thousands of Danes was a local band called Saybia. This guitar based five-piece crashed into the national charts earlier this year with the release of their debut album 'The Second You Sleep'.

The album went straight into number one in Denmark, a first in the country, and its singles received regular airplay on MTV. The album has now sold over 100 thousand copies in Denmark alone.

Since the release the band have toured extensively and there are now plans to release the album in a further six countries.

Fellow Danes Savage Rose performed a stunning set to a spellbound audience. Annisette and Thomas Koppel first got together in 1968 and have been performing for over thirty years. They have released over nineteen albums, and have been involved in countless musical collaborations and projects in their long history.

Elsewhere at the festival there was the peculiar lure of The Democratic Piano - a piece of art by an unnamed Danish performance artist that utilises a series of chairs to sound different notes on a piano.


You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/you...
Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork