http://archive.alternativenation.net/red-hot-chili-peppers-play-80s-rarities-at-first-2015-show/

Photo: 91X

Red Hot Chili Peppers performed at at the Belly Up Tavern in San Diego, CA for the first time since 1986 last night. The show was the band’s first live show of 2015, with Flea back at full strength after injuring his arm earlier this year. RHCP pulled out some rarities for the performance, playing “Police Helicopter” and “Mommy, Where’s The Daddy?” off of their 1984 debut album for the first time in years.

Setlist:
Can’t Stop
Factory of Faith
Nobody Weird Like Me (First time since 2007)
Otherside
Police Helicopter (First time since 2003)
Blood Sugar Sex Magik
Under the Bridge
Me & My Friends
Snow ((Hey Oh))
Fire (The Jimi Hendrix Experience cover) (First time since 2012)
By the Way
Mommy, Where’s Daddy? (First time since 1999)
Give It Away


The concert was a fundraiser for the nonprofit San Diego Foundation, which is hoping to raise up to $600,000 from the show for performing arts education for youth. ARTS- A Reason To Survive, Heartbeat Music Academy, San Diego Young Artists Music Academy, and the Silverlake Conservatory of Music also benefited from the show.

The description from the show page states: ‘Celebrating 40 years of philanthropic leadership (1975-2015), The San Diego Foundation’s purpose is to promote and increase effective and responsible charitable giving to grow a vibrant region. The Foundation manages more than $686 million in assets, more than half of which reside in permanent endowment funds that extend the impact of today’s gifts to future generations. Since its inception, The Foundation has granted more than $930 million to the San Diego region’s nonprofit community. For more information, visit The San Diego Foundation’s website, SDF News blog, Facebook and Twitter pages.’

“We are thrilled to join forces with Red Hot Chili Peppers to raise money for youth performing arts education and provide our guests with a concert experience of a lifetime,” said San Diego Foundation CEO and President Kathlyn Mead in a statement to the San Diego Union Tribune. “This is a rare opportunity for San Diegans to enjoy an intimate evening of music with a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band and feel good about giving back to their community.”